
Don't ever mess with git directory ever again!


Run a single test:

ruby -I test test/controllers/students_controller_test.rb -n test_Auto_student_number


http://deskexperts-zivkovicj.c9users.io/seminars/preDeskConsultants/1



<%= link_to "Study Guide 1 ~ Evaluate Expressions that Include Negative Numbers", 
'/Study_Guides/SG_1_Eval_Express_w_Neg_Nums',
:download => 'SG_1_Eval_Express_w_Neg_Nums' %>






BEST PRACTICES

Decided to go with three levels of priority (above zero) for objectives. I had temporarily
implemented four levels, for the purpose of having one level that honored consultant
points, but not student requests. Later realized that this was redundant, since
priority factors into student requests, rankByobjectives, etc. 

I want the ability to remove a student from a class, then put them back in. If this
happens, that student should retain scores on objectives. But instead of fixing that
right now, I need to re-arrange the program to keep objectives among different class periods.
That's going to be a pretty big change.

I had considered making all preReqs transitive.
For example, if "One-step Equtions" is a reReq for "Two-Step Equations," and "Two-Step
Equations" is PreReq for "Both-Side Equations," then "One-step Equations" should be PreReq for
"Both-side Equations." But that will make things difficult if many different grade levels
begin using the program. Students would need to pass everything from 1st grade before trying
anything from 7th Grade.







MANUAL TESTS

Main
Make sure that new classes can add students and that they end up in the seating
    chart.

Scoresheet
Crosshairs are working upon clicking rows of table.

New objective Form:
And only add the boulderfist class if the objective in question has some pre-reqs
Pre-Req dialog is visible from beginning.
    But doesn't pop up when expected.
User inputs invalid objective, but then is able to edit question after the re-route
Automatic totalling of points in second screen.


In the Seating Chart:
Move a student to a new seat, updates the seating chart
Make sure students can be moved twice. That's the type of stuff that often glitches.
Move student from seat to temp area. Make sure that saves.
Move a student from temp area to a seat.
Moving student on top of another puts the old student in the temp area
    and updates both matrices
"Save changes to seating chart" disabled until an actual change is made.
The tests include a puts line to check that a student is removed from the seating chart
    when she is removed from the class.
Make sure that new classes can add students and that they end up in the seating
    chart.

Create New Students
Check that last rows are invisible until "Add more" text is clicked


Create New Question
Check that most answer choices are invisible until "Add more" text is clicked
User inputs invalid question, but then is able to edit question after the re-route

Desk Consultants:
Check that attendance updates permanently. Really try to mess with it and hop around
    to different navigations. It's prone to funky problems.
Refreshing the screen after DeskConsultants was established was causing an error because of routing.
Check that eliminating a student's pre-requisites causes that student to be moved
    to a different group.
Desk Consultants has a proper number of groups
Check that lowering a consultants' score causes that student to no longer be a consultant.
Check that changing attendance changes the Desk Consultants groups
Appropriate length of objective name shown in group seating chart
Make sure that DeskConsultants is creating mostly groups of four. (At one point, it was limiting
    the groups to three.)
Refreshing the screen after DeskConsultants was established was causing an error because of routing.

Other:
What you click the class name from the teacher profile page, it should go to the class
    edit page.
Edit teacher profile button

Indexes:
Cancel button in indexes